# MSTU5013-Final-Project

Team members: Yiran Du, Ming Luo, Yiting Cai, Wanqiu Zhu
Teachers College
2018 Spring
Professor: Dr. Jin Kuwata


Learning problems/Targeting Audience

For this project, we want to provide some help for parents whose kids might be suffered from the depression. We know that depression is a huge topic and it’s a psychological disease that’s hard to cure and there’s usually no perfect solution to it. We try to approach it through a nutrition perspective as the nutrition needs for kids who have depression usually differed from that for normal kids. We designed a recipe website that’s created specifically for parents who don’t know what kind of meal to prepare for their depressed kids. Scientific research has shown that omega-3 and omega-6 are usually the most needed nutrition for kids with depression. Nutritious meal will help kids with depression to enhance their brain functions. On our website, besides than listing out food rich in Omega-3, we also list some other elements, such as multi vitamins, proteins, minerals (zinc, magnesium, and calcium,etc), antioxidants that are believed to be effective on combating depression. This recipe app is also great for parents who have no idea what to do with those food at home or in their fridge. How it works is that they can pick different food elements that are on the website, click on each of it to learn what kind of course they can make; they could also save their own recipes for future use. So when needed, they can reference the website and get some ideas what to eat, or what kind of nutrition do depressed kids usually need, etc .

User Experience

As mentioned in the learning problems, depressed kids need special nutrition to assist their recovery while sometimes their parents do not know how to cook to meet the special demand. Our website provide personalized recipes for parents of depressed kids to learn how to take care of their kids in nutrition and offer a space for them create their own recipes and share with other parents. 
In the content scope, our website provides four types of food that depressed kids are better to have in a day and more than 10 kinds of foods are included ranging from fruits to main dishes so that parents can have flexible options to cook the food their kids love to eat instead in some cases there are only few options provide and their kids do not like neither of them. With the help of our website, parents can choose their kids favorite vegetables, fruits or meat as materials and prepare the food. In the cuisine page, cuisines are listed based on one materials and the type of meal as well as taste are provided to better cater for their kids flavor and easy for parents to notice. The recipes of cuisine are open to users if they have new ideas of how to prepare the food and want to share with others.
In the strategy scope, our website presents types of food and lists kinds of food in priority not only because the recipes are stored by kinds of food but also provide a clear picture to users of what we have. If they find the kind or type of food that they want to prepare and learn how to cook, they can click and go down to the next detailed level. While, if they cannot find the kind of food they want to prepare, they can leave the page directly without going down to the next level, which can save users valuable time and effort. In the recipe page, once user choose the food that they want to prepare, they can first browse by the name of recipe to see what kind of dish they want to cook and they can create their own recipes if they have new recipes to prepare food which our website does not include. In the create-recipe page, they can stop and cancel their recipes at any time by clicking on cancel button before they submit the recipes because as in our observation, sometimes users 

How to solve the problem/address the needs

Our web app can address the needs of our target audience in that it helps parents learn what kinds of nutrition their depressed children need in order to help overcome the depression and it also provides parents actionable recipes so that it makes their cooking process more easily. To summarize, it helps parents know the facts and lowers the entry barrier of cooking so that parents can take action. Our team chose the common food containing the neccessary nutrition that parents can buy in the market, and our web app teaches parents to cook the food in a colorful appearance so it increases the chances that their depressed children will be pleased and enjoy the food. Depressed children could reject the common food and refuse to eat regularly; the colorful cuisine may promote their willingness to eat or make them feel better. Actually, using colors to help overcome depression is a technique adopted by some psychologists and it is called chromotherapy. Besides, in addition to provding facts and knowledge of the nutrition and related recipes, our team have “add menu” page so that parents can add a menu by their own. They can create a recipe combining the knowledge they have obtained from our web app and their personal realization of their children’s appetite. In this way, they are learning, reviewing and creating in an efficient way.
